
This directory provides scripts that install software packages that CRTS
depends on.  You need to run '../bootstrap --justQuickBuild' before using
these scripts.  It will download a make file that is needed.

Each package is in a different directory.  We made an effort to configure
all of the packages for use by CRTS.  All of these packages can be built
and installed from GitHub source with the git tags that are listed in
default_prefixes, or (overridden) in prefixes if found.  The size of all
the files in this directory is intended to be small until the packages
are downloaded and built.  At the time of this writing the total file
space in this directory was 220 Kbytes (Nov 19 2018), so we see no
need to put these files in a different repository.


Some of the package versions may be newer than what is available from APT
(the Debian package management system) repositories.  Hence this directory
exists.


This directory is not used in the parent directories "build process".  Put
another way, this directory is not accessed when building and installing
the CTRS package.  This directory is a convenience for building and
installing software packages that the CRTS package depends on.  The
contents of the directory maybe needed because the CTRS package depends on
some software packages that can't be installed by the operating system
package manager.  The needed software packages maybe too new a version to be
supported by the operating system package manager.  That will change with
time as the versions of theses package dependencies become more available.


There are two levels of software package perquisites:

   1. those software packages that are available through the operating
      system package manager, APT (apt-get install), and

   2. those software packages that are not available through APT.
      Hence this directory exists.




1.  run: "sudo ./apt-getDependencies.bash" to install packages that are
requirements on Debian or Ubuntu systems, or at you option look at the
apt-getDependencies.bash script and install the packages yourself.



2.  CRTS currently depends on (as of Mar 29 2019):

    node

    uhd

    gnuradio


Directories (PACKAGE_DIR) and package repository:


  node                - https://github.com/nodejs/node

  uhd                 - https://github.com/EttusResearch/uhd

  gnuradio            - https://github.com/gnuradio/gnuradio



The order of things:

  gnuradio depends on uhd



Instructions (run) for installing any of those packages:

  Edit the file prefixes to set your installation prefix directories to
  suit your preferences.

  For each PACKAGE_DIR in (node uhd gnuradio):

     cd PACKAGE_DIR && make && make install && cd ..
     # Do what you need to to make the installed package accessible


  Then you need to make the package accessible by setting your PATH, or
  use other means.  You may or may not require root (sudo) in the
  following things to run:

  ../bootstrap --justQuickBuild
  cp default_prefixes prefixes
    > vi prefixes
    > #change 'root' to installation path of your choice, you can stick to the default /usr/local

  # You may need to do some thing between install uhd and gnuradio,
  # depending how and what prefixes you use to install them in.

  cd uhd && make && sudo make install && cd ..
  cd gnuradio && make && sudo make install && cd ..
  cd node && make && sudo make install & cd ..

Now make sure that you have the following programs in your PATH:
  uhd_find_devices, uhd_fft, and node.  CRTS will use them.

